README.md template: add Governance, Release notes and Quickstart sections (#7)
ansible-community/project-template: README.md

To learn how to contribute to this project, see the [Contributor guidelines](https://link-to-docsite-or-contributor.md).

### Quick-start development guide

> > If the project doesn't have the guide, please add it to mitigate the entry threshold for rookies. If it's not applicable, remove the the section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the project doesn't have the guide, please add it to mitigate the entry threshold for new contributors. If it's not applicable, remove  the section.
```

- `1.x.y`: released 2020-11-17, EOL
- `2.x.y`: released 2022-02-10, supported until 2025-06-09
- `3.x.y`: released 2023-06-09, current

> ### Release notes

Reviewer: I go back and forth on whether we should call them release notes. I feel like the open source community is used to calling them changelogs instead. What do you think?

Author: i'm not an expert but as a user i would at least i would always google for Release notes. Not sure. Had never heard "changelog" until i started contributing, though it was a long time ago.
If you think changelog is better, just submit the change, i'll commit it.

Reviewer: Nah let's leave it as Release Notes then.  Thanks!
